{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Initially we tried to use an ElasticNet to model the raw data we were given without any feature extraction.  We varied the parameters ($\\alpha$ and $\\beta$) that penalize the l1 and l2 norms of the weights to try to optimize the Elastic net however we ran into some problems.  We allowed $\\alpha$ and $\\beta$ to take on the values (1,10,10^2,10^3\'85,10^6). For some reason no matter which combination of parameters we used, the weights given by the model to optimize the regression did not change, or at least there was no change in the weights that could be measured by my computer.  The weights we generated from this process performed about as well as the Linear regression and random forest did in the sample code.  \\\\\
\\\\\
Because Elastic Net didn't seem to work, we turned to some other approaches.  We decided we would try to extract some more features from the data to regress upon.  We used the Morgan Fingerprint Library to extract 256 extra features to include in the data. \\huge\{are we including the 512 feature data as well?\} We also looked at a few extra properties of the molecules that we thought might also be good predictors for the HOMO-LUMO gap.  \\huge\{what features did we manually add?\} We determined these features by looking at the SMILES representations of the molecules with some of the highest and lowest HOMO-LUMO gaps and tried to see if there were any clear distinctions between the high gap and the low gap molecules.  As shown below \\huge\{is this shown below?\}, these features we added manually significantly improved the quality and strength of our analysis and the predictive power of our model.  \\\\\
\\\\}